In this section we're going to be looking at what's new with ECMAScript 6.
So this is one of the versions of javascript that got recently updated.
And it was a major update.
There is a lot of new advanced functionality short forms for writing code and just better ways and better
ways to structure your content in your code using javascript.
So it's a major advance but unfortunately not all of the browsers have caught up yet with this update.
So this is why we've left it at the end here because this is something that's maybe not possible on
every single browser and I'm going to show you how to check compatibility for us as 6.
So S6 gives you some really cool functionality.
We get to go beyond just VAR for setting variables.
We get introduced to let and Konst that work on a block level so that block level variables give us
more flexibility and control over setting variables.
We're also going to show you how you can convert ESX.
So if you watch right E6 code now you can convert it to earlier versions of javascript so that you have
more compatibility within older browsers.
We're also going to look at better ways to loop through data handling data objects arrays and then back
ticks back ticks.
Give us the ability to write multiple lines within strings fat arrows and how they streamline functions
and how we can deconstruct and get data from arrays and objects even more options of what we can do
with our data.
So you've got a lot more data control with ESX and this is what it's all about being able to break your
code more efficiently using javascript.
So also how we can find items in the array constructing classes and Javascript now.
So we've got a constructor method how we can handle promises and we're going to be building out an AJAX
call using promises.
There's a lot of really neat things within this section and the one thing to keep in mind is that some
of this stuff it's better to have a fairly good understanding of javascript before you try to tackle
it because it's going to be more complex and more advanced formats for Javascript.
So get comfortable with using javascript and then take a look through ESX and see all of the really
cool things that have been introduced in javascript to make javascript coding better.
So let's check this out.